FW_Binary/README.md, before:

# Content
This folder contains binary firmware that used to:

- Use AT command to evaluate OPL1000 functions

How to use these binary file and complete firmware pack, download operation, please refer document "OPL1000-patch-download-tool-user-guide.pdf" (Chinese version under .\Doc\zh_CN directory) or "OPL1000-patch-download-tool-user-guide_ENG.pdf" (English version under .\Doc\en directory)  to know detailed information. 

# File list and brief description  
1. opl1000_at.bin: OPL1000 integral firmware file that support AT command.It is packed by m3.bin(generate by compiling blewifi example's transparent target ) and m0 binary file.  
2. opl1000_at_ext_ldo.bin: OPL1000 integral firmware file that support AT command. It works with devkits using  external LDO power supply. It is packed by m3.bin(generate by compiling blewifi example's transparent target ) and ext_ldo_m0 binary file.  

[Note] 

1. In order to understand AT command. Please refer document "OPL1000-AT-instruction-set-and-examples.pdf" (Chinese version under .\Doc\zh_CN directory) or "OPL1000-AT-instruction-set-and-examples_ENG.pdf" (English version under .\Doc\en directory)  to know detailed information. Update firmware through BLE connection (BLE OTA). 
2. OPL1000 hardware setting is different when adopt different power supply method. Hence user shall choose opl1000_m0.bin or opl1000_m0_ldo.bin according to hardware design scheme. 
3. When user develops own application, M3 binary will be created by user. And it shall be packed with  M0 binary file.

Commit message:

update function description of AT APS serial ports.

FW_Binary/README.md, after:

# Content
This folder contains binary firmware that used to:

- Use AT command to evaluate OPL1000 functions

How to use these binary file and complete firmware pack, download operation, please refer document "OPL1000-patch-download-tool-user-guide.pdf" (Chinese version under .\Doc\zh_CN directory) or "OPL1000-patch-download-tool-user-guide_ENG.pdf" (English version under .\Doc\en directory)  to know detailed information. 

[Note]

1. The function of AT and APS serial ports would be conversed since MP1.8 version . That is, AT port would act as APS port, and vice versa. 

# File list and brief description  
1. opl1000_at.bin: OPL1000 integral firmware file that support AT command.It is packed by m3.bin(generate by compiling blewifi example's transparent target ) and m0 binary file.  
2. opl1000_at_ext_ldo.bin: OPL1000 integral firmware file that support AT command. It works with devkits using  external LDO power supply. It is packed by m3.bin(generate by compiling blewifi example's transparent target ) and ext_ldo_m0 binary file.  

[Note] 

1. In order to understand AT command. Please refer document "OPL1000-AT-instruction-set-and-examples.pdf" (Chinese version under .\Doc\zh_CN directory) or "OPL1000-AT-instruction-set-and-examples_ENG.pdf" (English version under .\Doc\en directory)  to know detailed information. Update firmware through BLE connection (BLE OTA). 
2. OPL1000 hardware setting is different when adopt different power supply method. Hence user shall choose opl1000_m0.bin or opl1000_m0_ldo.bin according to hardware design scheme. 
3. When user develops own application, M3 binary will be created by user. And it shall be packed with  M0 binary file.
