# Content
This folder contains binary firmware that used to:

- Use AT command to evaluate OPL1000 functions. 
- M0 firmware that used to pack with M3 firmware form integral OPL1000 firmware 
- Script file that used to combine M0 and M3 firmware
- Boot agent binary that used to generate OTA image file 

How to use these binary file and complete firmware pack, download operation, please refer document "OPL1000-patch-download-tool-user-guide.pdf" (Chinese version under .\Doc\zh_CN directory) or "OPL1000-patch-download-tool-user-guide_ENG.pdf" (English version under .\Doc\en directory)  to know detailed information. 

# File list and brief description
1. opl1000_app_m3.bin:  M3 binary file that generated by an example project. Location:  SDK\APS\project\opl1000\opl1000_app_m3.uvprojx project. 
2. opl1000_at.bin: OPL1000 integral firmware that support AT command.  
3.  opl1000_m0.bin: OPL1000 M0 binary corresponding to use internal PMU power supply. It is fixed and cannot be changed. 
4. opl1000_m0_ldo.bin: OPL1000 M0 binary corresponding to use external LDO power supply. It is fixed and cannot be changed. 
5. opl1000_ota_loader.bin: OTA boot agent binary. It is used to create OTA type firmware. 
6. PatchData.txt: script file that used to pack M0 and M3 binary file together. 

[Note] 

1. In order to understand AT command. Please refer document "OPL1000-AT-instruction-set-and-examples.pdf" (Chinese version under .\Doc\zh_CN directory) or "OPL1000-AT-instruction-set-and-examples_ENG.pdf" (English version under .\Doc\en directory)  to know detailed information. Update firmware through BLE connection (BLE OTA). 
2. OPL1000 hardware setting is different when adopt different power supply method. Hence user shall choose opl1000_m0.bin or opl1000_m0_ldo.bin according to hardware design scheme. 
3. When user develops own application, M3 binary will be created by user. And it shall be packed with  M0 binary file.  

